(Carl) We have the screw here to balance it
and we can move the thread in and out to achieve the perfect balance. (Destin) It's pretty clever. I'd bet that
he has come to an intelligent paio. (Carl) oh .. a ... bright person. [laugh]
Oh oh See. Have you seen it You saw how spring, that?
Hey, I am in Destin. Welcome to Smarter Every Day. We are continuing ours
I studied the helicopters and we got our best invention from the camera that works
with a chicken Well ... Carl has also helped. [laughs] You know, everything
the thing of the helicopter. It is one of the most dangerous things, and you know that you are living correctly if
You need glasses for laser and a helmet. (Carl) And where is my helmet? [laugh below nose]
I only have one. He can hide in the toy closet. We are in the room
from my son Okay, let's count on what we have here. (Carl) OK. We have put
a laser on the shovel of the shovels. (Destin) Lasers are like bacon
everything is improved. (Carl) Oi so much. We have balanced everything with our small hi-tech device
and we will teach in the form of disc the controls
cyclical and collective (Destin) What we do with this is to measure the exit of the step
where would the rotor be used? Sorry, it's ...
I'm saying it correctly? (Carl) Yes, correct. (Destin) So we are measuring the step in real time
while doing the whole turn. (Carl) Getting a nice one
visual representation (Destin) Great. Where do you want me? (Carl) Okay, what do you think if ...
ah, you put yourself in the back. (Destin) By here? (Carl) Yes, right here.
and we will project it to the wall. Here we go.
(Destin) We'll close the ... ah ... close the closet. Oh, another thing that we have done is that when
It starts to rotate it starts up using the force of gyroscope
Oh, forgive me, the centrifugal force Ready. (Carl) Som-hi. [Rotor ripping]
(Carl) OK. (Destin) [unintelligible excitement]
(Carl) Well, here we have no way. Everything rolled
And if we make an entry to the group, the line goes up
With a positive group, the negative will go down.
If we make a cyclic input the disk
or the line will be inclined. Right, left, forward, back.
(Destin) To clarify this, we are measuring the step, so
the axis of the rotor is not changing at all, except what is the rotation, right?
(Carl) Yes. (Destin) OK, so the step of the shovel
is changing as we go around, due to the entry of the cyclic plate.
(Carl) the handle of the blades changes from positive step to negative step, to each
revolution (Destin) Mola. I'm extremely excited
with this. It is the best visual representation I have never ... oh
there is one more thing. The laser points 90º out of phase, right?
(Carl) Well ... yes, but that puts it in the phase in which it would normally work.
(Destin) OK, follow. I do not understand how you plan to do this without a helmet.
OK, because if you think about it, when you say it is
In the phase in which it would normally operate, the laser is illuminating 90 degrees outside (Carl) The laser is pointing this
direction, and when we receive a cyclical entrance, it leans forward
below, and this ends up having effect at 90º when the
(Destin) It is the gyroscopic precession. (Carl) Gyroscopic precession. (Destin) OK, because we zoom to the cyclic platter
ah, only for people who do not know what the cyclical dishes do, do one
(Carl) That's the cyclic platter. (Destin) Collective entrance up. (Carl) Collective up. (Destin) Collective down.
(Carl) and you can lean forward, back, left or right. (Destin) This is the cyclic entry.
Okay, you can give yourself a collective, and you can see it
That light rises up, and that would raise the helicopter [unintelligible]
Negative, and if we place it cyclically,
change the inclination of the line. (Destin) Okay, what's the part of the helicopter?
Towards you or this wall from here? (Carl) The front is to the left
of the camera. (Destin) You know, let me come here behind
and try to grab it on this wall. Okay, come back.
(Carl) Okay, we're there. Left, forward,
Right, back, up and down.
(Destin) This is so great that I want to cry.
I think our daily contribution to science is made. (Carl) OK!
I'm in Destin. You are getting smarter every day.
[Andrew Jackson Transcription: captionsbyandrew.wordpress.com] Translation by David Ruscalleda (@ Rusca8)
Subtitles in different languages ​​are welcome. Please contact Destin if you can help.